---
description: This article lists improvements and bug fixes in the Syskit Point Cloud version 2024.5.68.17
---

# October 29, 2024

[Start a free trial](https://www.syskit.com/products/point/free-trial/) and [tell us what you think](https://www.syskit.com/company/contact-us/).

## About Syskit Point Cloud

* **New to Syskit Point Cloud?** Explore Syskit Point Cloud with a 21-day [free trial](https://www.syskit.com/products/point/free-trial/) for an easy and effective way to manage and secure your environment.

* **Already using Syskit Point Cloud?** Syskit Point Cloud is automatically upgraded to the latest version when available. The automatic update occurs outside working hours to ensure minimal interference with your day-to-day business. The new version will start rolling out with this announcement and is expected to reach all customers in the upcoming days.

## New Features

* **New check added to the Copilot Readiness tile.**
  * A **sensitive files** check has been added to the tile, showing the total number of sensitive content shared **on public Microsoft Teams & Groups**. 
    * This report can be generated by **clicking the number showing the amount of sensitive file(s)** in public Teams & Groups and is located under the tile's Evaluate Public Microsoft Teams & Groups section.

* **New Report available!**
  * **The Sensitivity Labels Inventory** report lets you **find workspaces and files** where a specific sensitivity label is applied.
  * For more details, [take a look at the Sensitivity Labels reports article.](../../reporting/sensitivity-labels.md#sensitivity-labels-inventory-report)

## Improvements & Bug Fixes

* **Improvements made to Completed Metadata Tasks.**
  * **By clicking a workspace** on the completed Metadata Review overview screen, **you are taken to the Review - Summary**.
    * On the Review - Summary screen, you can see the actions taken for this workspace, who the action was performed by and when, and any comments the reviewer left when resolving the task.  

* **When Provisioning a workspace**, you can now also copy the Site Theme. 
  * The **Site Theme can be copied** by selecting the following options:
    * Copy Team SharePoint Site - **Structure**
    * Copy Team SharePoint Site - **Structure & Content**
  * **Only the Site Theme is copied**, which means the header, navigation, or other aspects of **the site's look are not copied**.

* **Fixed an issue** that caused sensitivity labels not to apply properly when provisioning a workspace.

* **Various improvements, including UX and UI fixes, are available**.